Document how to test OIDC with DevServices and minor updates to quarkus-test-keycloak-server (#19734)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-web-authentication.adoc

`OidcWiremockTestResource` can be used to emulate all OpenId Connect providers.

[[integration-testing-keycloak-devservices]]
=== Dev Services for Keycloak

> Using link:security-openid-connect-dev-services[Dev Services for Keycloak] is recommended for the integration testing against Keycloak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using link:security-openid-connect-dev-services[Dev Services for Keycloak] is recommended for integration testing against Keycloak.
```

`Dev Services for Keycloak` will launch and initialize a test container: it will create a `quarkus` realm, a `quarkus-app` client (`secret` secret) and add `alice` (`admin` and `user` roles) and `bob` (`user` role) users, where all of these properties can be customized.

> First prepare `application.properties`. You can start with a completely empty `application.properties` as `Dev Services for Keycloak` will register `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` pointing to the running test container as well as `quarkus.oidc.client-id=quarkus-app` and `quarkus.oidc.credentials.secret=secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First prepare your `application.properties`. You can start with a completely empty `application.properties` as `Dev Services for Keycloak` will register `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` pointing to the running test container as well as `quarkus.oidc.client-id=quarkus-app` and `quarkus.oidc.credentials.secret=secret`.
```

But if you already have all the required `quarkus-oidc` properties configured then you only need to associate `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` with the `prod` profile for `Dev Services for Keycloak`to start a container, for example:

[source,properties]
----
%prod.quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url=http://localhost:8180/auth/realms/quarkus
----

If a custom realm file has to be imported into Keycloak before running the tests then you can configure `Dev Services for Keycloak` as follows:

[source,properties]
----
%prod.quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url=http://localhost:8180/auth/realms/quarkus
quarkus.keycloak.devservices.realm-path=quarkus-realm.json
----

> Finally write a test code the same way as it is described in the <<integration-testing-wiremock, Wiremock>> section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally write your test the same way as it is described in the <<integration-testing-wiremock, Wiremock>> section above.
```

The only difference is that `@QuarkusTestResource` is no longer needed:

[source, java]
----
@QuarkusTest
public class CodeFlowAuthorizationTest {
}
----

[[integration-testing-keycloak]]
=== KeycloakTestResourceLifecycleManager

> If you need to do the integration testing against Keycloak then you are encouraged to do it with <<integration-testing-keycloak-devservices,Dev Services For Keycloak>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to do some integration testing against Keycloak then you are encouraged to do it with <<integration-testing-keycloak-devservices,Dev Services For Keycloak>>.
```

</dependency>
----

which provides `io.quarkus.test.keycloak.server.KeycloakTestResourceLifecycleManager` - an implementaion of `io.quarkus.test.common.QuarkusTestResourceLifecycleManager` which starts a Keycloak container.

> And configure `maven.surefire.plugin` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And configure the Maven Surefire plugin as follows:
```
